BUG: Fix `linalg.norm` to handle empty matrices correctly. (#28343)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/28343.change.rst

> * ``np.linalg.norm`` now yields zero for proper norms of empty vectors and matrices.

Reviewer: This doesn't mention `np.linalg.vector_norm` - should it?

Also this is worded a little awkwardly. Can you first say what NumPy currently does and how the behavior has changed? I see in the issue that NumPy returns zero in some cases and raises an error in others. In which cases is an error now 0? I think this release note should use the word "consistent" or "consistency" to make it clear what the nature of the fix is.

Author: @ngoldbaum Updated.

> * In all cases, ``np.linalg.norm``, ``np.linalg.vector_norm``, and ``np.linalg.matrix_norm`` now return zero for arrays with a shape of zero along at least one axis. Previously, NumPy would raises errors or return zero depending on the shape of the array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``np.linalg.norm``, ``np.linalg.vector_norm``, and ``np.linalg.matrix_norm`` now returns zero for empty arrays for most norms chosen by the ``ord`` parameter (empty arrays have at least one axis of size zero). Previously, NumPy raised an error or returned zero depending on the shape of the array.
```
@ngoldbaum maybe you can have a quick think (suggest-apply-merge)?  Or just merge as is if you prefer...

Actually, maybe the clearest is to just list the changed ones:
```
* The vector norm ``ord=inf`` and the matrix norms ``ord={1, 2, inf, 'nuc'}``
  now always returns zero for empty arrays
  [...]
  This affects `np.linalg.norm`, `np.linalg.vector_norm`, and `np.linalg.matrix_norm`.
```

Reviewer: Thanks, I tweaked your suggestion a teeny bit.

> * In all cases, ``np.linalg.norm``, ``np.linalg.vector_norm``, and ``np.linalg.matrix_norm`` now return zero for arrays with a shape of zero along at least one axis. Previously, NumPy would raises errors or return zero depending on the shape of the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The vector norm ``ord=inf`` and the matrix norms ``ord={1, 2, inf, 'nuc'}`` now always returns zero for empty arrays. Empty arrays have at least one axis of size zero. This affects `np.linalg.norm`, `np.linalg.vector_norm`, and `np.linalg.matrix_norm`. Previously, NumPy would raises errors or return zero depending on the shape of the array.
```

> * Currently, ``np.linalg.norm``, ``np.linalg.vector_norm``, and ``np.linalg.matrix_norm`` raise errors for some zero-sized inputs. This change ensures that any proper norm of a zero-sized input is zero, which makes it consistent with the mathematical properties of a norm.

Reviewer: Not to nitpick but I still think this could be worded better for the audience of people reading the release notes with zero context about this. How about this:

```suggestion
* In all cases, ``np.linalg.norm``, ``np.linalg.vector_norm``, and ``np.linalg.matrix_norm`` now return zero for arrays with a shape of zero along at least one axis. Previously, NumPy would raises errors or return zero depending on the shape of the array.
```

Author: @ngoldbaum Done.
